Documentation Restructure (#1231)
NVIDIA/NeMo-Agent-Toolkit: examples/frameworks/agno_personal_finance/README.md

```

### Set Up API Keys

> If you have not already done so, follow the [Obtaining API Keys](../../../docs/source/get-started/quick-start.md#obtaining-api-keys) instructions to obtain an NVIDIA API key. This example also makes use of [SerpApi](https://serpapi.com/) to perform web searches, obtain a SerpApi key go to: [`https://serpapi.com/users/sign_up`](https://serpapi.com/users/sign_up)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you have not already done so, follow the [Obtaining API Keys](../../../docs/source/get-started/quick-start.md#obtaining-api-keys) instructions to obtain an NVIDIA API key. This example also makes use of [SerpApi](https://serpapi.com/) to perform web searches, obtain a SerpApi key by going to [`https://serpapi.com/users/sign_up`](https://serpapi.com/users/sign_up).
```
